hey guys so I just wants to give a big
shout-out to Squarespace for sponsoring
this video and yeah please enjoy the
vlog hello everyone welcome to a new
vlog so as you can see I'm still in my
room in Cambridge but it's not actually
term-time at the moment term ended last
week so now I'm into my Easter break and
I've got a lot of revision to do
basically I've made myself a revision
timetable which I literally need to
stick to like oh it's taken me many
hours to make this timetable I think I
got a little bit too excited started
making it all color-coded and I mean it
took a while and yeah basically I need
to stick to that today I've set myself
the whole day doing my computing project
which I need to do for maths and that's
actually doing at the end of this week
so that's the first thing I need to do
and Lev assigned to the whole of
tomorrow to it as well and I'm hoping
that two days is gonna be enough if it
isn't it's gonna mess up the rest of my
timetable and we just can't allow that
after the time we spent making this
timetable so I need to get done today
and tomorrow I'm just about to head over
to the library because I need to print
off some stuff for this computing
project it's a bit of a struggle because
I don't have a printer in my room here
and the library's across college but I
suppose it'd be good to get some good
fresh air today so my actual exams on
until summer term which is next term and
they're about halfway through so they're
in June time start of June maybe end of
May but I've got a mock exam at the
start of next term which is April yeah
end of April I've got a mock exam and
basically because next term is very
full-on as well we still have lectures
and supervisions
and literally a week after lectures end
or exams starts so I need that time next
term to be revising the next terms
content so really I need all the content
from first term and second term fully
revised over this Easter holiday I think
I can do it you know I'm feeling proper
motivated and pumped I want to do well
this year yeah I'm gonna get going head
to the library
[Music]
okay so I've painted all my stuff it's a
lovely day today actually it's quite
shame that I'm stuck indoors revising
but there you go I managed to print out
some of my papers on a3 paper rather
than a4 by accident but that's just
classic me like I didn't even know what
the printer was doing it just just a bit
mad really but it's fine
we've got stuff printed out I like it
printed out and I can highlight it and
it's easier than having just the version
online although I know I should probably
save the trees but there you go
it's gonna help me revise so should be
worth it
[Music]
hey everyone so we've had a morning of
work and it has been productive and I've
stayed focused the whole morning so
that's a win but oh my god I'm so
annoyed so basically for this maths
computing project we've been given like
a set of instructions that we need to
follow but they gave us like a value for
one of the cells that it should be so we
could check it in the instructions and
my value did not match up with the value
that they gave me so I was like oh my
god
I've done something wrong I've literally
spent about an hour no joke an hour
going through all my formula that I've
put in like checking like every single
cell individually on this excel workbook
I even calculated it separately
tediously on a calculator yeah I was
like what has gone wrong I'm literally
missing something and then I just looked
at my email just like oh maybe I'll just
check that they send any emails about
this and like there's an email from a
few months ago like oh sorry in this
page of this instruction set the value
there is wrong so this check value in
this instruction set is incorrect and I
had it right the whole time so I've
literally just wasted an hour but I'm
not mad I'm okay you know like this is
fun I totally have time for this it's
not like I've got loads and loads of
revision to get done over this holiday I
can waste an hour we're just going to
take a step away from it we're gonna go
for lunch with my friends and we'll come
back with a fresh mind and get back to
it and if I don't get it done today
I mean I blame the people who wrote that
instruction set like admittedly I could
have seen that email first but like you
don't think to check that if they've
sent out any cracks and emails like you
just don't think to you just presume
that the instructions they've given you
a cracked I'm gonna go for lunch shortly
[Music]
hey guys so I've had a fairly productive
afternoon of work I did suddenly get a
bit distracted halfway through the
afternoon might have watched a YouTube
video but I feel like a midway through
the afternoon I needed a break anyway
and it was only what 15 minutes tops and
I've worked through the rest of the
afternoon and yeah it's actually been
good like oh actually got stuff done
that I needs to get done today so
basically my friends are all planning on
going out for dinner this evening to
Nanna max because it's student Monday
but I'm not sure whether I want to go
was I had quite a big lunch and I mean
we didn't eat that healthy yesterday
cause it a big pizza party Domino's
Pizza yeah I feel like maybe I should
just have a sandwich but I need to go
and check in the kitchen if I have any
food that's in date because I have a
feeling I don't okay so I do have food
in my fridge so now I'm wondering
whether I might not go to Nana max just
because I'm really nearly finished with
my maths computing project that I've
been doing today and it'll be really
nice to finish it I'm definitely not
gonna go to nano Max and I'm just going
to work through and finish this project
because then it's done and then I'm
gonna go grab dinner from downstairs in
the kitchen and then I've got socials
plan this evening
honestly I talk to myself so much what
I'm doing these worksheets like I go
through it and when I get something
right I'm like yes and when when it's
not going right and the computer just
isn't doing what I want it to do I'm
like are you joking me what is going on
like it's an absolute roller coaster of
emotions autistic but no it's pleasing
when it actually works out the way I
want it to so we have another update I'm
actually going to nano max it's not
really a surprise is it I mean did you
guys see it coming because I kind of did
edie to go to nano max I'm like I'm
going to nano mix now and I'm thinking
I'm not gonna eat anything I'm just
going for the social time but also I
might get a burrito Oh we'll see
but anyway fun trip how
I think I said last night but this is
actually the last Nana Mexico
I may have just eaten a burrito I have
no so it will come to Sainsbury's we
were just saying that literally the five
people in the staircase who can't cook
are the ones who have been left this
week to have to cook for ourselves
because CAF is not open all the time so
should be fun we're looking for possible
ingredients that we could make things
out gang some of my work finished this
evening after dinner and now I'm heading
off to have eaten mess around in Henry
staircase should be a good evening hello
everyone so we're just enjoyed so I'll
only eat unless the remained it's nice
to be in a different part of college and
now you join us later in the evening
when we were encouraging Tim to eat a
cupcake he's not like most people who
just need a cupcake the whole time
because cupcakes taste so good no Tim
much prefers his bread for the
efficiency everyone this morning I've
been up I've been organizing a few posts
for my Instagram and so I haven't done
any work yet but I suppose I don't know
if you can count that as work really
I've been working on the old social
media yeah now I need to actually get
going with my computing projects again
because as my timetable says I need to
finish my computing projects today
like done and then I will be on schedule
and I think actually I don't think
that's too much to ask I reckon I reckon
I can do that fine hopefully we're going
to get working now I've got about an
hour and a half till lunch and then
we'll work through the afternoon we can
always go into the evening if need be
but I might have it done by then to be
honest who knows anyway I'm gonna get
going
concentrate yeah
[Music]
hey hey so we're making good progress we
finished another one of the projects
there's like four mini projects within
the whole project so yeah we're over
halfway through now but it's lunchtime
now yay so I'm going to go to CAF for
food with my friends they're only
serving CAF once a day as I mentioned
before so I have to have my big meal at
lunchtime and then have a sandwich in
the evening don't know what's on the
menu today
but it'll be surprised when I get there
okay we've had lunch I'm back at the
desk I'm ready to get working again
lunch break was slightly longer than
expected more like an hour and a half an
hour and 45 but yeah we're gonna get
working it's fine we're gonna work
through the afternoon so all is good
don't worry guys all under control
[Music]
hello everyone so it's getting dark
outside but actually it's getting dark
later now which is so much nicer because
it's like past six o'clock and it's not
fully dark outside yet so that's nice
but anyway I've been working and working
and working and I feel like now it's
time for dinner so I'm gonna go make
myself a tasty and I can't wait my
friends and I all made dinner at the
same time they were clearly making
something very professional there me on
the other hand I just went for a toasty
and some Pringles you can't go wrong
really hello everyone so the update to
my study diary is that I've just spoken
to my mum on the phone I had a little
FaceTime cool so that was nice and I
said I'm looking forward to coming home
coming back to her cooking going back to
her doing the laundry it's hard work
living by yourself at uni you have to do
a lot of chores you know like I still
haven't put this laundry away from like
go for a week ago
it's just permanently hanging up you
just don't get around to it I've just
thought to get myself some fruit because
I just remembered that I bought it
yesterday and I might as well be be a
bit healthy so and I've actually got one
more project to do last project for the
computing project then we're done and I
really want to get done this evening so
I'm gonna get stuck into it now and yeah
it's a race against time how FAR's can
we get this project done
[Music]
hello everyone so I just went and got
into my pajamas this computing is taking
me longer than I thought it would this
one is definitely the hardest of all the
mini projects I'm not gonna lie I don't
really understand what's going on I
don't think it's that tricky but I just
need to like tune in like with the other
projects I was just like following the
step by steps and made me not tuning in
enough and this one's really long as
well but we're gonna get it done this
evening we're just gonna bash it out
let's go hey guys I'm just doing my
computing project still no surprise
there and for this section of the
computing project literally I have to
keep pressing these buttons again and
again and again because they're making
us use manual iterations on Excel oh my
god like literally just now I need press
these buttons 200 times over 200 times
hopefully this one converges quicker
takes a lot of skill pressing these
buttons many times I'll have you know
the things they teach us here at
Cambridge it's really annoying as well
because it's not just one button on Mac
or normal computers it's literally just
one button you have to press but with
the Mac controls it's too and that you
have to let do them at the same time and
then when they get out of like time with
each other then it starts all going
wrong so I've got to be coordinated as
well my friend warned me about this
actually I thought he was joking when he
said he had to press the button like 500
times I was like surely you're
exaggerating but no literally you have
to sit here and press it 500 times well
it's a great evening this evening
nothing I'd rather be doing
yes
[Music]
oh my god I've just found out that all
this time I've been pressing the command
and equals key like trying to press them
simultaneously or like pressing that
doubt then pressing that then releasing
them pressing that down then pressing
that then releasing when all that time I
couldn't that she just had the help
command held down all the time and just
press this one that would have saved me
a lot of time and concentration wow this
is much quicker I'm so dippy it's
ridiculous Oh
[Music]
okay so at this point I can feel myself
getting tired and these in concentration
so I'm just gonna go to bed and set my
alarm for 7:00 so I'm almost gonna get 8
hour sleep and then I'll start working
by 8 which is an hour earlier than I had
scheduled in and that hour I can just
finish off the last few bits of this
because it's literally just tying it up
at the end
I just realized like maybe you saw in
the time-lapse that I was literally is
having a bit of a breakdown because I've
made the most stupid mistake ever and
like I'd gone through the whole process
and I was like wait wait a second and
like it was such a stupid mistake but
just very easily done anyway we've gone
back through it with crap today there's
only a bit more to do now so we're just
going to leave that till the morning
I'm sure morning page will thank me for
leaving her more work to do what will
happen is my alarm go off and I'll be
like why didn't I decide to finish it
last night why am I gonna get up early
but Stefan isn't that early so I think I
can do that morning everyone oh I am
looking great this morning not anyway
I've got up and I'm about to do some
work it's 8 o'clock I've got up early to
start working early and yeah we're gonna
finish off this computing project it's
the last thing I do and then we'll get
going on today's actual work I know for
a patient so much
[Music]
project submitted yay yeah I've
submitted my project hallelujah
it's all over it's done that was a fun
two days and a half-ish Excel I'm
actually gonna get up now for the day
I'm gonna go have a shower I'm gonna
open my curtains and let some light in
this room cuz yes it is daylight outside
and I'm such a bad person I should not
be wasting electricity like this
we're actually gonna kick off the day
we're gonna get ready quickly and then
get into what we actually had scheduled
for today it's a struggle when things
take longer than expected but to be
honest it's done now and I stayed
productive the whole time it's not like
I've been slacking off or
procrastinating that much so I'm pleased
with myself yeah I can probably get an
hour of working before lunch and yeah
that's it for today the rest of the week
will be in my next vlog and I just want
to finish up by talking to you guys a
bit about Squarespace who have really
kindly sponsored this video today
Squarespace is a beautiful online
platform on which you can create your
own website so so easily
they have ready-made award-winning
designer templates that you can use it's
an all-in-one platform so there's
nothing to install or upgrade which is
perfect because you know technology is
confusing sometimes it's really flexible
for building any sort of website it's
currently used by artists designers
people who own restaurants and the best
part is if you go to Squarespace comm
/page Y then you can get a free trial
and 10% off your first purchase I'm
gonna leave a link in the description as
well so you can check that out and
that's it for this vlog thank you so
much for watching please do like and
subscribe and follow me on Instagram and
I'll see you soon with another video bye
[Music]